hello everyone its Greg just want to
demonstrate the functionality of the
fans send this code to the Arduino which
will turn on very slowly top left fan so
they get stop speeding and stays there
and this code will stop all the fans and
let's turn on the top right thing all
right and stop it
and autumn left fan
stop
bottom right fam
and stop and the last piece of code turn
all the fans on Sam pace
and they can be turned on immediately
just I wanted to show that we have the
capability to control the speed of the
fans as well as capabilities turn them
on and you can see we have enough power
from our power supply power off our fans
once it gets up tires to be it stops
making that whining sound stop okay
that's it